Software:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Canadensys Aerospace Corporation

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Artwork:

Copyright (c) 2025 Sam Taylor

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of the graphic image files packaged together with this software, to use, copy,
modify through mechanized means so as to maintain the images' appearance
(i.e., crop borders, scale while retaining aspect ratio, save to different
formats, etc.), store, and display the images, provided that such use is in
the context of dealing in this software. Modification of the images beyond
mechanized means (i.e., changing the appearance), or using any of the images
in association with other projects or in other contexts, are both prohibited.

Where possible, a note referring to the above copyright notice shall be made
alongside the display of any of the original or derived images.
